hey guys I'm Chris and today I'm going
to play the classic game pokemon puzzle
league for the nintendo 64 also known as
panelled a pond in japan do you have the
skill you have the speaker do you have
the coordination to be Pokemon hallo
master you have what it takes to face
your toughest opponent yet
new pokemon puzzle he pits you against
16 traders in pokemons biggest challenge
of them all the wall can you master it a
legion of Pokemon say who can new
Pokemon Halloween rated E for Everyone
only on 96 and for pokemon puzzle league
is a puzzle game designed by mr. Takata
for the Nintendo 64 it's interesting to
note that this game is the only pokemon
game to be released in north america and
europe but not in japan japanese gamers
have Nintendo's panel de pond which was
the influence for this game this is also
the only game that features characters
from the pokemon anime series like ash
Richie and Tracy pokemon puzzle league
was also released before pokemon silver
and gold which makes this the first
Pokemon game to have pokemon from
generation to now the bottom pokemon
puzzle league is pretty simple Ash and
Pikachu are called by Professor Oak to
enter the official pokemon puzzle league
tournaments in puzzle league villas of
course ash accepts and battles his way
through the Kanto gym leaders in elite
four to be officially dubbed the pokemon
puzzle champion to me one of the
greatest things about this game is the
amazing soundtracks that plays while you
play most of the music comes from the
Pokemon to be a master soundtrack but
also features themes from the Pokemon
first movie even though this title is
simply a port with pokemon skin change a
lot of improvements were made on to the
single and multiplayer modes also with a
3d mode it gave a new twist the puzzle
gaming pokemon puzzle league was
released with very positive reviews
praising the changes in additions and
even earn a sequel on the game boy color
okay now to demonstrate the one player
mode on pokemon puzzle league I'm going
to cook the play through one or two
levels just to show you guys what this
game really is all about so I'm gonna do
normal mode on one player mode choosing
this will erase I don't care ok and the
Pokemon positively begins you start off
with Gary well well it looks as if
you've made it after all only true
Pokemon trainers are allowed to come
Pete in the pokemon puzzle league let's
see what you are made of I challenge you
okay Gary and you get to choose through
three of your Pokemon and you the same
three pokemon throughout the whole thing
it doesn't matter doesn't make the game
easier doesn't make the game harder I'm
some cheese Pikachu and here we go
pretty basic all you gotta do is match
up three icons that match and if you can
do more than three you get extra points
so this is this is it you just gotta
remember your basic Sesame Street
raining yellow goes with yellow the
insults in this game are awesome i think
the best one is definitely blame though
cuz Blaine I don't know
when you're hot there by his insults are
actually not even insults to sound more
like compliments actually I recommend
using the d-pad this is actually the
only game I'm then sits before that I
prefer using the d-pad and that the
joystick because I feel that the
joystick kind of screws up with your
basic movements all you gotta do is go
up and down I feel that it's just easier
with the d-pad like how Gary is
encouraging you the whole time it's
beautiful music to be relaxing I
remember as a kid always like in the
music you also notice like when you
start getting in trouble the music will
like get really really fast to emphasize
that you're screwing up see how Gary's
screwed up now and the music's changing
any losses Helen UK snow might be
playing on hard we're gonna play against
Tracey Tracey is actually a character
that you battle after you've battled
pretty much everyone in the Kanto or
Aldridge canto gym leaders except for
Giovanni all right ready is he in tents
quick it's gotta be smart sky hbu sir
I'm not talking is this course I'm so
absorbed okay okay okay Oh double chain
now watch Tracy see how that blocked his
phone is like when you do special chains
like that you'll actually drop blocks
and depending on how they the chain
actually was a bigger as in the size of
the block that will fall on his level so
that was pretty good one for me watch
this guy's
double chain yes and that is pokemon
puzzle league one player thanks again
guys please leave comments down below of
memories you had playing this game and
maybe even some tactics maybe I can
learn something from you so thanks again
guys I'm Chris and you just bring Kris
Kross peace out should know I'm in trout
like this you always sit up film